

--------------------

New graphics design, Possible solutions:

    1. Stay with Ball and number design
       + simpler
       + easyer to tell droids apart and to classify a droid
       + less renderings and images required
       + design stays invariant under direction changes of the droid

    2. Change to individual renderings of all droids
       + possibly better graphical impression
       - requires handling of the directions a droid is facing
       - requires renderings of ALL droids
       - might make it difficult to tell droid types apart

For now, we stick to the first path, I think all aggreed.  Additions? Comments? jp.

Extension idea:  Friendly droid communication
  I thought of the following nice idea, which would also reposition the game more into
the adventure/roleplaying genre.  Recently, friendly droids were introduced.  They can
be defined easily from the droids file of a mission.  But what happens when you try to
takeover one of those friendly droids?  ---  We might just cause some text interaction
like in a dialog where you can talk to the droid, ask it to do this or that.  With this,
we could reshape the game so that the influencer at some point of the mission comes into
towns with robots, where you can talk to a lot of "people" and solve difficult problems
not only with fighting, but also with non-violent interaction with droids.  You might
also find some droids to accompany you in your travels.

Now this is of course all far away.  We might just stick to the interaction possibility
for now.  Change of missions and story line that way can also be discussed later.
But what do you think?  Would that be the type of game you would like to see implemented
or would you prefer to stick to acion/arcade contents?  Comments?  Addisions?  jp.

--------------------

Game Extension:  Friendly droids  :  Existence is done.  Chatting and giving commands 
instead of taking them over when touching them in transfer mode should come next.


Game Extension:  Friendly droids  :  Shops and Chatting

Game Extension:  Resizing of combat window, movable objects like boxes or crates a chair
or a table, a toilet, searchable objects like a bookshelf and dead bodies of robots or
scientists and other floor textures

Game Extension:  Conveyor belts for multiple directions, especially in very long rooms
and halls.

--------------------

Game Extension:  Teleporters

Since the very beginning, code is already there to properly do Teleportations as far as
internal game mechanics is concerned.  What is left to do is to add (animated) map tiles that
symbolize the teleporters and to write the code for detection of teleportation request and
perhaps a fine graphical fade-in/fade-out effect for the teleportation (while the rest of
the action continues a usual).


--------------------

Game Extension:  New Weapon:  Homing missiles
Depreciated by Lanzz

Game Extension:  Lightning ray:  Yes, we really could draw the whole ray in a flashy 
lightning-shape.  I think I know already a way how we could implement that.  Multiple 
phases possible of course.

Game Extension:  New Weapon:  Lasers

--------------------

