Rough overview of involved developers and their attributed tasks :
(for better orientation only!)

jp
--
- "low level" graphics (SDL) and sound functions
- sound issues, all of them.
- more doku!
- Web-page admin
- public relations ;)

The list of things I'm going to work on next:

THESE ITEMS HAVE FIRST PRIORITY:
--------------------------------

*  Add code to allow for top views of the robot DROPPING FINALLY THE OLD
   BALL WITH NUMBER DESIGN!!
*  Add documentation about how to incorporate new map tiles into the game
*  Make the map tile reading function decide the number of tiles from the
   size of the picuture itself.  (Eliminate the contant for the number of
   map tiles as it is now.  Make a variable out of it.)
*  Add additional map tiles:  destroyed console left/right/up/down
*  Add additional map tiles:  autoshooting gun left/right/up/down
*  Add code to animate the autoshooting gun
*  Add new weapon type: laser: drawing (double) lines from source to target.
*  Add new weapon type: dumb missile 
*  Add new weapon type: homing missile
*  Add old explosions of larger size to make the game graphically more advanced
*  Add old sparks and lightning flashed on a robot to make the game graphically
   more advanced
*  Add new third mission with bomb defusal mission target and heavy guard and
   time limit for the defusal of the bomb.
*  Add surface lift to the asteroid map, that should not be accessible from the start.


0. Extend the level Editor
   DONE Extend the Level Editor to show waypoint connections
   b. Extend the Level Editor to allow for resizing of decks
   DONE Extend the Level Editor to allow for changing of color
   DONE Extend the Level Editor to allow for changing of deck map
   DONE Extend the Level Editor to connect new waypoints to other waypoints 
   f. Allow to change the level name
   DONE Write doku for the usage of the level editor
   DONE Do segfault protection from planting tiles outside map structure
   DINE Allow for more things to be set directly: Elevators & Boxes
   h. Add safety/correction check against leading -1 waypoint connections
   i. Add a function to specify map tiles to be planted using their number
      instead of a fixed key.  That should provide a fallback for freshly
      self-implemented tiles, that do not have their own key sequence in
      the level-editor yet.

1. Extend the game dat file
   a. Add direct control over all individual bullet speeds and damages
   b. Add direct control over blast radiuses and blast damages

2. Extend the game/graphics engine
   DONE Takeover sound should be added
   b. Takeover graphics effect (alpha-blending?) should be added
   DONE collision damage should be done to the "lighter" droid
   d. dimensions of combat window should be enlarged vertically
   e. use fixed pictures for each droid.  when no image found-->generate generic ones
   f. use ints instead of chars to write the map file to the disk
   DONE introduce friendly droids, that can be added via the droids file
   h. add new tiles: barred door horizontally/vertically (of about wall size)

3. Extend the freedroid world/missions
   DONE one deck at least.
   DONE a second deck
   DONE one elevator connecting them
   DONE draw a side elevation of the new area
	(Outline for later:  other settings: )
         Command cyborg experiment facility (999, 998, 997, ... 990),
                 Mining community, Police station
             
4. New combat behaviour
   a. introduce reaction time:  States and decisions only made every e.g. 2 seconds or so.
      (that should give the player a chance to compete.  Otherywise they might become too powerful.)
   b. analyze current state and set flags: WILL_BE_HIT_BY_BULLET
   c.                                      HAVE_DIRECT_LINE_OF_FIRE_AT_INFLU
   d.                                      HAVE_BETTER_WAYPOINT
   e. split up state machines for fireing and movement
   f. movement to new waypoint immediately if threatened by enemy fire

5. Add more doku extra lines to the 
   a. external game dat file, 
   b. droids files and 
   c. mission files.

THESE ITEMS ARE OF SECOND PRIORITY:
-----------------------------------

(?). Put combat background music to play into the ship file
     for every deck.

(?). Restore the rest of the animation of Refreshes

DONE Adapt the crew file format, so that you can enter types by
     their names instead of their numbers

-1. Write doku on how to control the game

THESE ITEMS ARE OF THIRD PRIORITY:
----------------------------------

(?) Update the task list on the sourceforge

(?) Read more about SDL_net &&  Add networking support

(?) Reactivate "Color Rotation" of Bulletcolor, but WITHOUT using the palette for
    this.  This will be good to for later, if someone designs new and better animated
    bullets with multiple pictures in EACH direction.
    --->  Will this really make sense?  What if someone designed fine new multicolored shots?

rp
--
- cvs archive mangagement
- Takeover game
- Lift & ship view
- map-editor (maped)
- Automake/configure/Makefile 
- cheatmenu

more detailed list of planned activities:

*) "clean-up" code, esp. get rid of all the obsolete "Screens"..
*) Takeover game: rahmen, points etc + Keyboard-sensitivity better
*) Add the Homepage-Makefile into the general autoconf/automake machinery



limo
----
- play& find bugs? ;-)
- ... ?






